the sofa and I had an epiphany as we
were doing this. I'm thinking this is
more like an employee than it is like an
agent on your computer. Normally I would
prompt it and it would give me just text
back. If I hired a new employee, I would
not let them see my machine. I would not
let them access it unless on very
specific things. I wouldn't trust them
for that.
>> Good point.
>> In in the same way I would set them up a
user identity. And so what I was
learning from this is as I'm I'm working
with Arando on Claudebot here and this
stuff is it's making its own
instructions. It's saving its own
passwords. It's behaving just like an
employee. And because the memory of the
agent is limited, all it's doing is
writing a whole bunch of markdown files
and referencing them in a folder
structure. I want you to do XYZ things.
It makes its own skills essentially and
writes them back down and then goes to
pick them up when they need them. soul
soul.md, right?
>> Soul.md [laughter]
keeps its personality, but then if you
reference project A, it'll know what
project A is about. If you reference
project B, it knows,